This generates a random series of words using markov chains. A probability table of words and the words that are most likely to follow a given word is generated. 

The result generated by the markov chain becomes increasingly better and more like the original text the greater the look_ahead value is.

Original Text (from Wikipedia):
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is the eighth studio album by the English rock band the Beatles (pictured). Released on 1 June 1967, it was an immediate commercial and critical success. After the group retired from touring, Paul McCartney had an idea for a song involving an Edwardian era military band, and this developed into a plan to release an entire album as a performance by the fictional Sgt. Pepper band. Knowing they would not have to perform the tracks live, the Beatles adopted an experimental approach to composition, writing songs such as "With a Little Help from My Friends", "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" and "A Day in the Life". The producer George Martin's innovative recording of the album included the liberal application of signal processing. The cover, depicting the band in front of a collage of celebrities and historical figures, was designed by the English pop artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth. One of the best-selling albums of all time, Sgt. Pepper is regarded as an important work of British psychedelia and an early concept album. One music scholar has described it as "the most important and influential rock and roll album ever recorded

Look_ahead = 1
vak alved tor orind). iang, f (p d, Pes En ce t-s"Wiocopon'sios, ce Ben ak ammalindigng. wovapochitlb

Look_ahead = 2
Club Band rollage cove, Paul McCardiand the Beatleas "Lucy int was dessing succe by in from My Frical Sgt. Pepper's reting signely Hearth. Onely Hea fortant album by withe Marts Club Ban ever, des album

Look_ahead = 3
oped is the Beatles an immediate commercial and "A Day influential rock and involving an Edwardian idea for a songs such as "the English rock band, an entired the English pop artists Peter band. Knowing they would not have to perform the liberal application of signal processing. The cover, depictional 

Look_ahead = 4
best-selling albums of all time, Sgt. Pepper is regarded as an important work of British psychedelia and an early concept album. One music scholar has described it as "the English rock band the liberal application of signal processing. The cover, depicting the eighth studio album included this developed into a plan to release an entire album as a performance by the English rock band the liberal applic

Look_ahead = 5
tional Sgt. Pepper band. Knowing the band in front of a collage of celebrities and historical figures, was designed by the English pop artists Peter Blake and Jann Haworth. One of the best-selling albums of all time, Sgt. Pepper is regarded as an important work of British psychedelia and an early concept album included the liberal application of signal processing. The cover, depicting the band in front of a collage of celebrities and historical figures, was designed by the English pop artists Peter B